Okay.
So here I will have the next while loop because we have the Y loop for actually running the game here,
this one.
So this y loop here is where we grab the enemy.
The next while loop which we are going to have is for grabbing the enemy here.
So we have it, but then we need another value.
For one, we are actually in the combat with the same enemy.
We need to keep iterating until this enemy here.
We have just created setup instead.
So we need to make sure this one dies before we move on to the next.
So firstly, we once we are going to go ahead and say here, I will say while under this enemy held
here and sacred with the operator greater than zero here.
Okay.
And we could have just simply go with the button just here and mean healthier.
So it is greater than zero.
So that should be pretty straightforward.
The anime health is this random individual here so that we have generated between not and the maximum
anime health and we are seeing while anime while the enemy's health is greater than zero, that is while
the enemy is alive.
We are going to go ahead and do what we are going to do.
So first we need to set up for the user a list of commands that they can use because the way they are
going to interacting with the user in this game is we are going to be seeing which option would you
like to choose or pick?
And then and then there is going to be a one, two, three, four, etc., etc. and it's going to have
options for each one of level or the stage.
And then the user is going to have to input one or three or two or four and then hit enter.
So that's how the input is going to work in this game.
So let's go ahead and see.
Firstly we will say, okay, here, I will need our system, not our dot print.
Alan here.
Okay.
Here, I will try it.
Just simply slash the next thing, which I need your help potions.
Okay.
We have to firstly, we need okay.
We need to print out the HP of our character means the health potion each time we fight this enemy.
Each time each iteration of a combat.
So you can call it if we want to print out our wealth, I mean, the health.
So we know how much health we have left.
So we are going to do and we are here tabbing and just your HP colon and just plus the health variable
health value.
We are going to go ahead and the next thing which we need the name of the enemy.
Okay, so in the next one which we need system.
Not our dot print.
Alan.
Here and here I will stand.
Um.
Just after that, I will blow this name of the enemy here.
String plus.
And.
Okay.
Just apostrophe S.
The key is to remove cologne.
I know the enemy health.
I want to see enemy health here.
And the next system.
Not not print.
Alan here and here.
I will need backslash and tabbed.
And what would you like?
Okay.
What would you like to do?
Read to your enemy.
Okay.
Anime.
Hmm.
Okay.
What would you like to do to your enemy?
And just simply the next which we need system.
Not our dot print under this.
The next thing the tab here.
I'm just simply right.
First option here.
The first option we will give is the attack option.
Okay.
And the next system.
Not our doctrine, darlin.
And under this, simply tap and put the answer.
The next thing which you need.
The next option which will be give drink.
Health, ocean.
Okay.
Another option I can give to the user here.
Be three.
Here.
Run.
Okay.
So here I have these, okay?
Where I have the enemy of the name of the enemy, and we have the enemies HP here and now we have only
health and thus we have the enemy health here and we have to give the option to the user.
So here we are going to make a line break after that, this one.
So here I have use a backslash and and we are going to do that with the backslash T and then we are
going to say, what would you like to do?
And now this is where we present our user with the options.
So we are going to go ahead and tab again and we are going to give them the option, the one for the
attack and next other two options which really we have the do for the shrink health person and we can
have option three for this run.
So we have given three options to our character.
We can either attack the enemy, drink our potion, or run away from the enemy.
So let's go down here a bit now.
And this is where we need to get the input from the here just simply first run.
Key.
Prison Island.
Okay, just simply run our program.
Okay.
Let's see.
So this will be the look of our game.
What would you like to do with our enemy?
So your HP and HP.
Really start with this.
So just run again.
Okay.
Or each piece dubbed Skeletons HP or HP skeleton.
So this is the next step we have to do.